Readme.md enhancements (#17)
nautobot/nautobot-lab: README.md

# Nautobot Lab

> This container is **not** for production use!

`Nautobot Lab` is an all-in-one Docker container that allows a user to quickly get an instance of Nautobot up and running with minimal effort.

This image is for the purposes of "kicking the tires" of Nautobot. Utilize `nautobot-lab` to quickly see if Nautobot is right for you and your organization.

> It bears repeating, `nautobot-lab` is **NOT a ready for production container**. If you wish to Nautobot in production via Docker, please see the primary [Nautobot repository](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot).

Reviewer: Possible change:

```suggestion
It bears repeating, `nautobot-lab` is **NOT a ready for production container**. If you wish to use Nautobot in production, please refer to the [Nautobot documentation](https://nautobot.readthedocs.io/en/latest/installation/).
```

## Running from Docker Hub

Building the container yourself isn't needed to get up and running quickly. The image is hosted on Docker Hub for public consumption, and you can download and start it with a single command. You will still need to [create a Super User as shown below](#Creating-a-Super-User).

```shell
docker run -itd --name nautobot -p 8000:8000 networktocode/nautobot-lab
```

> Because this image is an all-in-one container (with Nautobot, PostgreSQL, and Redis), it will take a few seconds to download the container, and then a few seconds more for all of the services to start and stabilize. Once the container has started and all services have stabilized, the web interface can be accessed via `http://localhost:8000`.

Reviewer 2: I'm using the default `HEALTCHECK` values on boot up. It takes 30 seconds total to boot and come into a healthy state. Perhaps we should call that out.

If you wish, you can also check the health status of the container by running the following command:

```shell
docker ps | grep nautobot
```

You are waiting for the container to be in a `healthy` state as shown below.

```text
99c9312e0409   networktocode/nautobot-lab     "/usr/local/bin/supe…"   3 minutes ago   Up 3 minutes (healthy)   0.0.0.0:8000->8000/tcp, :::8000->8000/tcp
```

## Building the container

The container can be built locally, if preferred.

1. Clone the repository.

    ```shell
    git clone https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot-lab.git
    ```

2. Enter the `nautobot-lab` directory.
3. Build the image.

    ```shell
    docker build -t nautobot-lab:latest .
    ```

### Running the container from a local build

```shell
docker run -itd --name nautobot -p 8000:8000 nautobot-lab
```

## Creating a Super User

> Once the container has started and all the services have stabilized. A super user account will need to be created to start kicking the tires with what is available in Nautobot. The `createsuperuser` command will prompt you for a username, email address, and password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the container has started and all the services have stabilized, you will need to create a superuser account to start exploring Nautobot. The `nautobot-server createsuperuser` command will prompt you for a username, email address, and password. The email address is unused in this particular workflow and can be left blank.
```

```

## Kick the Tires

At this point, Nautobot can be accessed at `http://localhost:8000` with the user credentials that were created.

Explore, test, create, destroy, do whatever you like in this lab instance of Nautobot.

> If you have any questions, don't hesitate to reach out in the #Nautobot channel on the [Network To Code slack instance](https://networktocode.slack.com), we'll be happy to assist you!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have any questions, don't hesitate to reach out in the #Nautobot channel on the [Network To Code Slack instance](https://networktocode.slack.com), we'll be happy to assist you!
```
